modules: mbedtls: remove Kconfig options for TLS 1.0 and 1.1 (#76833)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-4.0.rst

Mbed TLS
========

* The Kconfig options ``CONFIG_MBEDTLS_TLS_VERSION_1_0`` and ``CONFIG_MBEDTLS_TLS_VERSION_1_1``

>   have been removed because Mbed TLS has removed support for TLS 1.0 and 1.1 since a while already. (:github:`76833`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  have been removed because Mbed TLS has removed support for TLS 1.0 and 1.1 since a while already. (:github:`76833`)
```
```suggestion
  have been removed because Mbed TLS has removed support for TLS 1.0 and 1.1 in Mbed TLS v3.0.0.
```

>   have been removed because Mbed TLS has removed support for TLS 1.0 and 1.1 since a while already. (:github:`76833`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  have been removed because Mbed TLS has removed support for TLS 1.0 and 1.1 in Mbed TLS v3.0.0.
```
